Gunslaw Website

This repository contains the source code for the Gunslaw website — a clean, professional, single-page law firm site built with Hugo.

The site is designed as a scroll-based layout where navigation links smoothly scroll to sections on the home page rather than loading separate pages. This approach prioritizes clarity, usability, and easy maintenance.

Overview

The website consists of a single long home page with three core sections:

Hero – Primary messaging and call to action

About Us – Firm background and credibility

Contact Us – Direct contact information and consultation details

The navigation bar remains fixed at the top and uses anchor links to scroll to each section.

Tech Stack

Hugo – Static site generator

HTML / CSS – Layout and styling

Config-driven content – Reusable site data stored in config.toml

No JavaScript frameworks – Lightweight, fast, and reliable

Project Structure
.
├── content/
│   └── _index.md        # Single-page home content
├── layouts/
│   ├── _default/
│   │   └── baseof.html  # Base layout
│   └── index.html       # Main single-page layout
├── static/
│   └── images/          # Images and assets
├── config.toml          # Site-wide configuration and content
└── README.md

Navigation Behavior

The navigation bar links to sections on the same page using anchor IDs:

Home → #hero

About Us → #about

Contact → #contact

Smooth scrolling is handled via CSS:

html {
  scroll-behavior: smooth;
}


Offsets are applied to ensure section headers are not hidden behind the fixed navigation bar.

Content Management

All reusable text and values are stored in config.toml, including:

Hero heading and description

Call-to-action text and link

About section content

Contact details (email, phone, address)

This allows site content to be updated without modifying templates.

Local Development

To run the site locally:

hugo server


Then visit:

http://localhost:1313


Changes will automatically reload in the browser.

Design Principles

Professional, law-firm-appropriate aesthetic

Minimal navigation and cognitive load

High readability over background imagery

Mobile-first and responsive

Easy to maintain and extend

Deployment

The site can be deployed using any static hosting provider, including:

GitHub Pages

Netlify

Cloudflare Pages

Traditional static hosting

After building:

hugo


The generated site will be located in the public/ directory.

Future Enhancements (Optional)

SEO schema markup

Accessibility improvements (ARIA, contrast tuning)

Active navigation highlighting

Blog or legal resources section (if needed later)

License

This project is proprietary and intended for use by Gunslaw.
All rights reserved.